# Restaurant page

Project to create restaurant page using only Vanilla JS and CSS

## Live Demo

[Restaurant Page](https://voidchef.github.io/restaurant_page/)

**Note:** This Website works best with High Resolution Screens (1080p and up). Check the [improvements section](#improvements) for future updates.

## Built with

### Technologies

* JS
* CSS
* HTML (all html in this project generated by Javascript)

### Tools

* Visual Studio Code
* Linux terminal
* Git and GitHub
* ESLint
* Webpack

### Third party code

* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

## Outcome

* Used **ES6 Modules** for more modular code.
* Used CSS3 **grid** and **flex** to create layout.
* Used **Git** and **GitHub** for project management.
* Tried to maintain **clean code**.
* **Cross tested** on Firefox and Chromium based browsers.

## Improvements

Features I am going to add to this app:
- Approach a Responsive Web Design(RWD)

## Summary

### What I learned

* ES6 Modules.
* Better understanding of dom manipulation.
* A lot of minor things.

## Getting Started

In order to setup and work on this project, you will need to:

1. Clone this project:  
`git clone https://github.com/voidchef/restaurant_page.git`

2. Once you have cloned this project, you can install the required dependencies by using:  
`npm install`

3. A live demo of the project can be started by using:  
`npm start`

4. Distribution files can be produced using:  
`npm run build`

## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Author

👤 **voidchef**
* GitHub: [voidchef](https://github.com/voidchef)